Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/_includes/graphql/attribute-metadata.md

`label` | String | The label assigned to the attribute
`sort_order` | Int | The relative position of the attribute
`uid` | ID | The unique ID of an attribute

> `ui_input` | UiInputTypeInterface | Front end UI properties of the attribute

Author: ```suggestion
`ui_input` | UiInputTypeInterface | Frontend UI properties of the attribute
```
